data/raw/hr_columns.md, before:

| raw_name | new_name    | description                        |
| hv001    | x_cluster   | Cluster index                      |
| hv002    | x_hh        | Household index                    |
| sh94     | p_has_florp | Is there a household member abroad |
| sh101_01 | f_floc_01   | Residence country of florp 1       |
| sh101_02 | f_floc_02   | Residence country of florp 2       |
| sh101_03 | f_floc_03   | Residence country of florp 3       |
| sh101_04 | f_floc_04   | Residence country of florp 4       |
| sh101_05 | f_floc_05   | Residence country of florp 5       |
| sh101_06 | f_floc_06   | Residence country of florp 6       |
| sh101_07 | f_floc_07   | Residence country of florp 7       |
| sh101_08 | f_floc_08   | Residence country of florp 8       |
| sh101_09 | f_floc_09   | Residence country of florp 9       |
| sh101_10 | f_floc_10   | Residence country of florp 10      |
| sh95_01  | f_fsex_01   | sex of florp 1                     |
| sh95_02  | f_fsex_02   | sex of florp 2                     |
| sh95_03  | f_fsex_03   | sex of florp 3                     |
| sh95_04  | f_fsex_04   | sex of florp 4                     |
| sh95_05  | f_fsex_05   | sex of florp 5                     |
| sh95_06  | f_fsex_06   | sex of florp 6                     |
| sh95_07  | f_fsex_07   | sex of florp 7                     |
| sh95_08  | f_fsex_08   | sex of florp 8                     |
| sh95_09  | f_fsex_09   | sex of florp 9                     |
| sh95_10  | f_fsex_10   | sex of florp 10                    |

Commit message:

cleaned preamble and chaged florp to ehm

data/raw/hr_columns.md, after:

| raw_name | new_name    | description                        |
| hv001    | x_cluster   | Cluster index                      |
| hv002    | x_hh        | Household index                    |
| sh94     | p_has_ehm   | Is there a household member abroad |
| sh101_01 | f_floc_01   | Residence country of ehm 1       |
| sh101_02 | f_floc_02   | Residence country of ehm 2       |
| sh101_03 | f_floc_03   | Residence country of ehm 3       |
| sh101_04 | f_floc_04   | Residence country of ehm 4       |
| sh101_05 | f_floc_05   | Residence country of ehm 5       |
| sh101_06 | f_floc_06   | Residence country of ehm 6       |
| sh101_07 | f_floc_07   | Residence country of ehm 7       |
| sh101_08 | f_floc_08   | Residence country of ehm 8       |
| sh101_09 | f_floc_09   | Residence country of ehm 9       |
| sh101_10 | f_floc_10   | Residence country of ehm 10      |
| sh95_01  | f_fsex_01   | sex of ehm 1                     |
| sh95_02  | f_fsex_02   | sex of ehm 2                     |
| sh95_03  | f_fsex_03   | sex of ehm 3                     |
| sh95_04  | f_fsex_04   | sex of ehm 4                     |
| sh95_05  | f_fsex_05   | sex of ehm 5                     |
| sh95_06  | f_fsex_06   | sex of ehm 6                     |
| sh95_07  | f_fsex_07   | sex of ehm 7                     |
| sh95_08  | f_fsex_08   | sex of ehm 8                     |
| sh95_09  | f_fsex_09   | sex of ehm 9                     |
| sh95_10  | f_fsex_10   | sex of ehm 10                    |
